{
	"name_arg1" : "I believe teachers should not be allowed to carry guns because it could pose significant safety risks and potentially lead to more harm than good. The primary responsibility of teachers is to educate and create a safe learning environment for students. Introducing firearms into schools could increase the chances of accidents, misuse, or escalation of violence. It is important to focus on implementing effective school safety measures, such as improved security protocols and mental health support, to ensure the well-being of students and staff.",
	"party_id1" : "Democrat",
	"unique1" : "2023_S_1032_A",
	"responseid1" : "R_2zdvL0atShg1Ntp",
	"name_arg2" : "Teachers and school officials should not be given the responsibility of possessing guns with the intention of defense if a threat should impose on campus. Firing a gun at a threat is outside the scope of what a teacher signs up for. Possessing a gun around numerous minors adds another level of pressure onto teachers and faculty. What if a student were to steal the firearm, the teacher or faculty member would most likely be assumed reliable for the theft.",
	"party_id2" : "Democrat",
	"unique2" : "2023_S_1330_A",
	"responseid2" : "R_28RGyLrJXxbjGbx",
	"name_arg3" : "I strongly oppose allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in K-12 schools for several compelling reasons. Mainly, the primary role of educators and school staff is to provide a safe and nurturing learning environment for students. Introducing firearms into this equation poses the risk of accidents, confusion, and undue stress on educators who should focus on teaching. Moreover, arming teachers can have adverse psychological effects on students, making them feel unsafe and potentially damaging the teacher-student relationship, which should be built on trust and mentorship rather than fear. Law enforcement and security personnel are better equipped to handle potentially dangerous situations, and investing in professional security measures and mental health support for students and staff is a more effective and responsible approach to ensuring school safety. This way, we can maintain the sanctity of our educational environments while addressing safety concerns through the appropriate channels.",
	"party_id3" : "Democrat",
	"unique3" : "2023_S_1628_A",
	"responseid3" : "R_3QLU8GuWvrRoAmF",
	"name_arg4" : "I would strongly oppose allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in k-12 schools because guns should not and are not allowed on educational properties. Guns do not belong in schools and the way to prevent gun violenece is not with more guns, but with more laws and policy to end the spread of gun sales.",
	"party_id4" : "Democrat",
	"unique4" : "2023_S_1020_A",
	"responseid4" : "R_3m50X6bllaDD1GC"
}
