{
	"name_arg1" : "I think that no individual besides a trusted police officer should be able to have a gun on school grounds. Teachers can bring them even if there is a policy stopping them but I think that allowing it could cause more trouble. For example, if a teacher got mad at a student and pulled the gun out in their moment of anger. It’s overall safer to not have them on school grounds.",
	"party_id1" : "Democrat",
	"unique1" : "2023_S_1700_A",
	"responseid1" : "R_2rI8ZYcICVYQFBd",
	"name_arg2" : "I believe teachers should not be allowed to carry guns because it could pose significant safety risks and potentially lead to more harm than good. The primary responsibility of teachers is to educate and create a safe learning environment for students. Introducing firearms into schools could increase the chances of accidents, misuse, or escalation of violence. It is important to focus on implementing effective school safety measures, such as improved security protocols and mental health support, to ensure the well-being of students and staff.",
	"party_id2" : "Democrat",
	"unique2" : "2023_S_1032_A",
	"responseid2" : "R_2zdvL0atShg1Ntp",
	"name_arg3" : "I've never believed that fighting fire with fire is a viable option for creating harmony. Gun violence has become a nationwide fear, especially in our schools. Recently, school campuses have become breeding grounds for targeted attacks on innocent individuals. The security of campuses is entirely lacking, which I agree with. However, placing another opportunity for physical harm in the hands of superiors is not a viable solution to this problem. Any impact on gun violence in our nation will be done through preventative measures, not reactionary ones. Giving arms to teachers, even if they are certified, will also open up the opportunity for even more tragedies at the hands of bad individuals. As far as schools, no one functioning within them should have the opportunity to seriously injure others. There will always be people in this world who want to do seriously awful things, but any momentary defense won't solve the problem, it will only further perpetrate the action at hand.",
	"party_id3" : "Democrat",
	"unique3" : "2023_S_1326_A",
	"responseid3" : "R_1RgGMFzLIhlnfq1",
	"name_arg4" : "Giving teachers does not solve or prevent gun violence in schools. It should not be the teachers responsibility to defend their students with guns. We should be focusing more on removing the threat of guns entirely by introducing stricter gun regulation and education in schools. Having guns in school also poses a danger, if a child was to gain access it.",
	"party_id4" : "Democrat",
	"unique4" : "2023_S_1053_B",
	"responseid4" : "R_3O2isZdF1aFVDq7"
}
