{
	"name_arg1" : "I believe teachers should not be allowed to carry guns because it could pose significant safety risks and potentially lead to more harm than good. The primary responsibility of teachers is to educate and create a safe learning environment for students. Introducing firearms into schools could increase the chances of accidents, misuse, or escalation of violence. It is important to focus on implementing effective school safety measures, such as improved security protocols and mental health support, to ensure the well-being of students and staff.",
	"party_id1" : "Democrat",
	"unique1" : "2023_S_1032_A",
	"responseid1" : "R_2zdvL0atShg1Ntp",
	"name_arg2" : "I strongly oppose allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in K-12 schools for several compelling reasons. Mainly, the primary role of educators and school staff is to provide a safe and nurturing learning environment for students. Introducing firearms into this equation poses the risk of accidents, confusion, and undue stress on educators who should focus on teaching. Moreover, arming teachers can have adverse psychological effects on students, making them feel unsafe and potentially damaging the teacher-student relationship, which should be built on trust and mentorship rather than fear. Law enforcement and security personnel are better equipped to handle potentially dangerous situations, and investing in professional security measures and mental health support for students and staff is a more effective and responsible approach to ensuring school safety. This way, we can maintain the sanctity of our educational environments while addressing safety concerns through the appropriate channels.",
	"party_id2" : "Democrat",
	"unique2" : "2023_S_1628_A",
	"responseid2" : "R_3QLU8GuWvrRoAmF",
	"name_arg3" : "1. Guns are generally terrifying. I can’t trust my teachers to be unbiased and not feel “threatened” by me because of stereotypes they could have about me due to my race and gender. Knowing that they have guns would scare me to even slightly tick them off because what if they lose it on me for some reason. I don’t want to die because their coffee wasn’t great today and I asked a “dumb” question",
	"party_id3" : "Democrat",
	"unique3" : "2023_S_1228_A",
	"responseid3" : "R_1dmhoIA2BHEu0iW",
	"name_arg4" : "Guns should not be allowed on school property, apart from law enforcement officers! These politicians who advocate for policies like this are hypocrites. Guns aren't allowed in their government buildings or their offices, so why are they trying to put this burden on teachers? I think if you want to increase security, increasing law enforcement personnel on campus could be a start. Additionally, I am in favor of stricter gun laws that would force consumers to jump through more hoops to purchase a firearm. I'm not a proponent of banning guns, don't get it twisted. However, I think we could be doing more in the legislature to prevent gun violence.",
	"party_id4" : "Democrat",
	"unique4" : "2023_S_1802_A",
	"responseid4" : "R_2B4pBpqWUBja69B"
}
